Evsieve, Copyright Â© 2021, Kars Mulder

Unless mentioned otherwise, all parts of this program are available under
the GNU General Public License version 2.0, or at your option, any later
version, provided that your choosing to follow a later version shall not
impose any additional obligations on any author or copyright holder of
this program.

A copy of the GNU General Public License version 2.0 can be found in the
"LICENSE" file. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General
Public License for more details.

This program may contain parts derived from third-party programs or
libraries. The General Public License does not necessarily apply to any
third party content in this program or on this repository. All third-party
components are licensed under their original licenses.


The source code file "src/bindings/libevdev.rs" was programmatically
derived from header files belonging to the "libevdev" library. The license
applying to those files can be found in the file "licenses/thirdparty/
libevdev/header.txt". Those libevdev headers on their turn include some
content from Linux kernel header files, such as input event codes and some
data structures. The Linux kernel is available under the GNU General Public
License version 2.0 with the Linux syscall note. A notice from the kernel
header file containing input event codes can be found in "licenses/thirdparty/
linux/linux_kernel_input_codes_notice.txt". A copy of the Linux syscall
note can be found in "licenses/thirdparty/linux/linux_syscall_note.txt".

Once compiled, this program will link against the libevdev library. The
license of the libevdev library can be found in "licenses/thirdparty/
libevdev/license.txt".

Once compiled, this program may link against the libsystemd library. The
libsystemd library is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License
version 2.1 or later. A copy of this licence can be found in "licenses/
thirdparty/libsystemd/lgpl.txt".

Once compiled, this program will statically link against the Rust standard
library. The Rust standard library is generally dual-licensed under the
MIT license and the Apache 2.0 license. These licenses can be found in
"licenses/thirdparty/rust". The Rust project may contain parts under
different licenses. See "licenses/thirdparty/rust/COPYRIGHT" for a file
taken from the Rust project describing their legal situation.

Once compiled, this program will statically link against the third-party
Cargo crates "lazy_static" and "libc". These are dual-licensed under the
MIT license and the Apache 2.0 license. Copies of the licenses for these
crates can be found in the "licenses/thirdparty/crates" directory.

Compiled forms of this program may statically or dynamically link against
other libraries. All those libraries are available under their respective
licenses.
